Perfect, so we're going to start right from the top with this for these first few edits that we do,
these first few learning lessons.
I want to do the whole process from beginning to end so you get more of that repetition building that
new habit and that new process to really cement in and really get concrete on these new habits for a
faster and better workflow.
If you haven't already gather your content, you just want to have stuff.
It can be shown on your phone, your destler, wherever you shot.
It's totally fine.
It should be in the more exciting, faster paced 30 second video kind of hype genre if you want to use
any content you have.
Perfect.
If not, download the supplied footage.
I'm going to be editing the supplied footage, which is the footage or the edit that we shot in the
cinematography masterclass course.
So let's now hop over to the screen caps so we can start capturing our content.
I'm going to first start with creating a brand new folder.
I call this hyp edit and I'm going to create a sub folder called Footage.
I'm going to create another folder called Music
and another folder for my editing files, which I'm going to call premiere.
You can title this whatever you want.
And let's start with that.
So here's the content that I'm going to be working with here.
We have pretty straightforward drone footage shot on my phone here.
OK, so as you can see, we have the character Vlad's our friend here.
He's doing one movement of loading the camera up.
And we're going to take that same exact set of movements that he does, but we're going to introduce
different shot types.
So if we take a look at these shots, we have we have some close ups raising the camera, changing the
battery, some moving shots, some wide shots.
And we're going to see how we can take this pretty mediocre set of movements at footage and turn into
something that's exciting.
So let's start by dragging in our footage into our editing assets folder.
Then we're going to open up our editing software and we're going to create a new project.
And I'm going to title it Hype Edit.
And we're going to hit the browser to choose the location, just like we've done before.
We're going to go to where our folder is, navigate to our editing assets, folder it, choose it,
OK?
Now it's going to put all of our editing files in the proper location.
And now I'm going to drag our footage into the timeline, into the project window.
So now we have all of our video content.
And now what I'm going to do, because all this content is from the same location, the same character,
the same time of day, there's really no separation between a rule and B rule and different types of
separate shooting locations.
I'm going to drag all this stuff into the same exact sequence.
So what I'm going to do is highlight all my footage.
I'm going to right click the top clip and I'm going to create a new sequence from that clip.
Now, what that did is dropped in all my footage.
I'm going to be working with into the same sequence with the proper sequence settings that is linked
up to the settings of my actual footage, which is twenty nine point nine, seven frames per second.
And at 10, 80 by 1920, just like our previous project that we edited together.
Now, what that also does is creates a new sequence and it defaults the name of that sequence as the
name of the video file, which we don't want.
So we're going to name this hyp edit and I'm going to take that sequence out of the footage folder,
because it's not footage.
And I'm going to create a new sequences folder by right.
Clicking, selecting Ben and typing in sequences.
And I'm going to drag that sequence into the sequences folder.
We are organized over here, baby.
OK.
And as a good practice, before we really get into this edit, I'm going to create a backup of our editing
files on a separate hard drive.
Right now, we're editing on the hard drive built into the laptop.
And I'm going to drag that content and duplicate it onto a separate hard drive, which will do right
now.
So I'm going to select hyp, edit, copy, paste it onto this external hard drive, and I'm going to
title this back up hyp edit backup.
So by now you should be at the same process as I am, either with your own footage, you've created
your folders, your editing file, and you're ready to start pulling Selex on your footage, or you've
downloaded the example footage and you're at the same step as me.
So now let's get into pulling Selex and see what shots we're going to actually use here.